 If anyone is missing a notebook that looks like Concepts and 112, its here in the Gates Commons!      Corey  Hi Zoe,      I would double check your multiplication and exponential methods. It doesnt look like youre failing any asserts, but its expecting a return value and for some reason youre returning None (just make sure youre returning everything correctly in these two methods).      Also, I would recommend doing this in the morning. Be sure to get some sleep!      Corey  Hi all!      Come join Rishabh and I at  1 pm to review the most important things you need to know for your exam tomorrow! The session has been moved to  Rashid Auditorium on Gates 4  (because our room was locked and this one was open!)       Update:  The mock practice exam and the practice exam review session will also take place in Rashid now.      See you all soon,   Corey  Hi Zhao,      Comments have to be under 80 characters as well (so they cant go past the line). But you can just split it into 2 lines!      Hope that helps!   Corey  Hi Rosie,      You should write test functions for any functions that return something and dont draw graphics or take user input.      Hope that helps!   Corey  Hi Ashwin,      If you have code that is clear and under 20/25 lines, you are not requiredto write any helper functions! Just glance back at your code and make sure theres nothing repetitive that might need a helper function, but other than that youre fine!      Corey  Hi Ashwin,      I would keep runSimpleTortoiseProgram with the parameters specified in the problem. What you can do is make this function similar to the runDrawing function (in that it creates the window and canvas) and then call a separate drawing function that you define in a similar way to what you wrote above.      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Yuqian,      The max line length is 80 characters. For functions that deal with graphics you can have 25 lines of code (not including empty lines or lines that are only comments). Otherwise, the max is 20 lines.      And nope! If you look back at the problem description it specifies you dont have to deal with text going off the canvas.      Hope that helps!   Corey  Hi Yudi,      Remember that you can use the anchor command to specify whether you want to pin down your text from the center, left side, etc. That way if you reason out the correct point to use you shouldnt have to deal with the center of the canvas.      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Rosie,      I see in your code you dont have any print statements to try to debug and identify the problem. Try printing out what your radian values are, what the x and y values are for your points, what your color is, etc. and you should be able to see what the issue is!      Let us know if you have any more questions!   Corey  Hi Coral,      You could set a well named variable to be equal to 255 and then use that in rgb() rather than 255.      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Yuqian,      Yep! HW 1.4 was you writing your own versions of string methods. s.startswith() will work exactly the way you described. For the full documentation you can always google string methods in python.      Hope this helps!      Corey  Hi! Yep string methods are allowed for this homework!      Corey  Hi Zoe,      I dont think it will make a difference in this case since  and \ are both a single character (the escape function \ doesnt count as a separate character).      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Isabella,      Have you tried adding print statements as a way to debug your code? Maybe try printing out what values b is taking on in your loop as well as what code is so you can see why you might be getting an out of bounds error.      Let us know if you have further questions!   Corey  Hi Yudi,      Those should be the only types of quotes. Double check the problem description though to be sure it doesnt specify anything different.      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Kenan,      root = Tk() creates creates a window (conventionally it is call root though). root.mainloop() allows the window to stay on the screen (the code to keep running) until we exit out of it (i.e. by hitting the red x at the top of the window).      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Anthony,      I dont believe .length is actually a string method. However, if you were asking about using len(s), you may use that.      Hope that helps,   Corey  Hi Anthony,      Think about the logic in your if statement. Lets simplify it first a bit to just consider 0 and 1. So wed have    What would this statement evaluate to if we just have 0. Hopefully this will clear up the bug but if youre still stuck let me know!      Corey  Hi Jiayu,      Yep! The autograder test cases are different than the ones provided in thehomework file. This means that there are additional cases that your code is not accounting for, so be sure to look at the outgrader output (this shouldve been shown to you in the first recitation) and try and find the bug in your code!      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Yudi!      Free response questions means writing code!      Corey  Can you please tell me at what point I am supposed to halt the loop that squares and sums the digits of n?  Hi Yuqian,      Your TA will email you the location shortly before small group! Most likely it will be on Gates 5.      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Chen,      Your TA should email you shortly before your small group begins with the location! Most likely it will be somewhere on Gates 5.      Hopes this helps!   Corey  Hi Kenan,      So using the nth template we went over today in lecture and recitation, you want to find the nth cool number. For example, 14 would be cool since 14 = 5 and 5 is divisible by 5, but 15 would not be. Does that make things clearer?      Thanks,   Corey  Hi Rhea,      Since we are dealing with such large numbers here, your print statement is slowing down your code significantly (since it has to print something at each iteration of the loop). Removing it should fix the problem.      Hope this helps!      Corey  Hi Rosie,      Can you clarify a bit more what you mean? The way Im reading it the test cases should work for the kth digit.      Corey  So a lot of times in CS programmers like to start counting at 0 rather than 1, so the 0th digit is the one all the way on the right (the ones digit).  Hi Shirley!      The reason for this error is that you have an unmatched parenthesis on the last line of your myRound function. The reason the error appears further down is that python goes to the end of the line looking for the closing parenthesis, and when it goes to the next line of code (in this case, the next function definition) it returns an error. Closing the parenthesis will solve the issue!     Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Daphne,      We are not actively grading for style on this assignment. That being said, we still encourage you to add comments and use good style with all your code!      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Bryan,      We have defined our own round in the hw function and dont necessarily want to follow the built in. This is a slight divergence from what you solved in class today so it was intentional :)      Hope this helps!   Corey  Hi Cristina,      Professor Morina answered this in post 19. Hope this help!      Corey     Hi Tanvi!      There arent any dropped homeworks or quizzes for the course.      Thanks,   Corey 