 Hey all,      I know its super sunny and nice outside, but its cooland air conditioned in Doherty A302 (right now)where we are having the Midterm 2 review session! Come and review cool topics like sets, dictionaries, recursion, animations, and OOP! Hope to see you here! :)       Rishabh and Kyle  Hey all,      As you may recall, you are required to go to two (2) TP lectures on special topics that might be helpful for your term projects! All of these will be held in GHC 4215 . Here is the schedule: Super Fun with Tkinter. Friday, 7 8 PM. Extra mouse  keyevents, images, buttons. PIL  Images. Friday, 8 9 PM. Advanced image processing and manipulation A.I.  Backtracking. Saturday, 11 AM 12 PM. How to create game A.I. and tracking algorithms using backtracking. Monte Carlo  Probability. Saturday, 12 1 PM. Using probability (and lots of loops) to do cool things with random.random! 3D in Tkinter. Saturday, 1 2 PM. Have you ever thought I love Tkinter. I want more!? Well now you can get 3 dimensions of it! All of them are super informative and useful, butif youd like more in depth descriptions, please feel free to ask!      Hope to see you there!    Kyle     Hey Daphne,      Piazza is not for us to debug your large chunks of code! Id recommend going to office hours for more help, but even then we wont debug your code for you. It is not a PC/Mac problem, it just means that you are trying to access a file that isnt there.      I saw you had a print statement; What does that print? Where could you add more print statements to help you figure out whats happening?      Hope that helps, Kyle  Hey Anupam,      If you click Gradebook in the top right navigation bar, this you can see which assignments you used grace days for. Its actually impossible to use two grace days on one homework assignment, so this wont be an issue.      Hope that helps,   Kyle  Hey Yuqian,      Looks like your almostEqual isnt defined at the top level! If you un indent it, you may not have this error anymore :)       Kyle  Hey Chen,      Just once! 6 is just one number :)       Kyle  Hey Chen,      Try event.keysym == space       Kyle  Hey Mansi,      Are you passing the Polynomial([42]) == 42 test case?      good luck!   Kyle  Hey everyone,      As we approach TP season, I know a lot of you are looking into cool modules to use for your term projects. Since modules are quite time consuming to learn, some TAs have put together a collection of resources to help you get jump started on your projects! You can find them here and on the website under Schedule.      If you are just looking for inspiration, it haslast summers term project gallery. And if you want to learn a certain module quickly without having to translate the official documentation (to regular English), the Module Manuals provided are there just for you! Let me know if you have questions or feedback about these, and good luck on your TPs!      Thanks!    Kyle  Hey Benjamin,      This means that a Polynomial can be constructed in two ways: a list, or multiple arguments, separated by commas. You might find *args helpful :)       Kyle  Hey Kenan,      In strings, \ is an escape character. This means that the when placed in a string, the following character will not be evaluated. For example,       would print    Hope that helps!    Kyle     Here  is the link to the practice quiz. Time yourself for 30 mins!      EDIT: It is on the course webpage too  Yep just posted!  Hey everyone!      As Max mentioned yesterday, were having a review session for sets/dicts/animations at 7:00 8:30 PM today in DH A302 , which is the same lecture room. You wont want to miss out, because it will be the most lit review sesh you will ever go to ever guaranteed. Hope to see you in half an hour!       Kyle  Nanaki  Hey Kenan,      They are all important, and the quiz will have all of them!       Kyle Hey Isabella,  Try closing your browser and relogging back in. Let me know if that works!   kyleYay no problem :)Hey Zoe,  A key error means that you tried to access d[dino] but dino is not a key in your dictionary.  Hope that helps, KyleHey Yuqian,  Do you have a line that says exactly,  #ignore_rest  ? If you do, then you should be fine. From your screenshot, Im not seeing that line, however, so that might be why you are having issues.  Hope that helps, KyleHey Kenan,  What specifically do you have a question about? It is up to you to think about how to solve the problem yourself, but Id be glad to guide you in the right direction.  Thanks,  KyleYou do not have to, but it is strongly recommended that you do. If another solution you find has a better bigO than slow5, go for it!Hey Coral,  We usually encourage larger debugging questions to be asked at Office Hours (which are until 7:00) tonight. Have you tried testing it on some edge cases? (n can be decimal too!). If you try exhaustively testing them yourself, Im sure youll catch the bug!  Hope that helps, Kyle. Hey Yuqian,      Please email kdchinandrew.cmu.edu for grading questions. (Thats me)      Thanks,   Kyle  Hey Yang,      All the homework grades are posted on Autolab. Sometimes it takes a while for them to be finalized into the gradebook, but you should be able to see your autoscore immediately.      Let me know if you have any issues!    Kyle  Hey Anthony,      If you are using the isdigit function that you wrote, that is ok. But you may not use the builtin method isdigit.      Thanks,   Kyle  Hey Anthony,      Sorry for the late reply. One problem I can see you running into is if the whitespace in last starts before len(s)//2. Then, your front and last strings wont quite work.      I do like the approach of splitting it into front and back cases, though. Perhaps you could use the reverse string function you defined already?      Hope that helps,   kyle  Hey Cristina,      First of all, sorry for the late response.      Since the homework was released 2 days ago, we cannot give you an extension. However, Id encourage you to use a grace day, especially if you need it.      Thanks,   Kyle  Hey Kenan,      Your posts are being posted publicly to all your classmates. Next time, please be sure to mark them as private or else they will be deleted.      When you post your code, please be sure to pinpoint which area you think is going wrong. While we would love to help you debug, in the end the debugging is up to you to do. So wed be glad to help you in some areas, but we cannot debug your whole code for you.      Thanks,   Kyle  Hi Yudi,      Yes, you are correct that an assertion error was raised. However, the assert function takes one argument, which is a boolean (True or False). So what that means is that your longestDigitRun implementation did not return 0 like it should have, and thereby the assertion failed.      Does that make sense?      Let me know,   Kyle  Hey Bryan,      No problem, thats what were here for!      For reverseString(), you are not allowed to use string slicing of any kind. So you may do s[i] to access  a character in the string, but you  may not slice  (i.e. use a colon).      Good luck,   Kyle  Hey Chen,      String slicing is when you take a slice, or a portion of a string. So for example:    is an example of string slicing.      So, what youre doing is perfectly acceptable. Great question!       Kyle  Hey Anupam,      2 would be the index that you start looking at. So although you start at the second position, you want to return the index relative to the original string.      Hope that helps,   Kyle  String methods are builtin python methods like .replace() or .isdigit(). Most of the homework is writing these yourself as functions, so calling the string methods would defeat the purpose of the assignment.      Thanks,   Kyle  Hey Cynthia,      Since we start guess at 0 and immediately increment it, we need a value that immediately increments to 0. Can you think of this number?      Hope that helps,   Kyle 