Hey!    Ill be emailing you soon :))     Best,  Rishabh :)  Hey,      You can use helper functions if you want to, its completely upto you. Just make sure not to use iteration      Best,   Rishabh :)  Hey,      While it shouldnt matter, coefficients and powers will probably be whole integers      Best   Rishabh :)) Hey!    It shouldnt matter, but they will be integers!     Rishabh :) Hey,    Yupp just google 15112 Summer 2016, go to schedule, and right around the bottom you have the link to summer projects     Best,  Rishabh :)) Hey,    So you have the position of the click from which you should derive the cell location     Best,  Rishabh :))  Hey,      In general if the question entails a lot of code / conceptual doubts it is better to go to OH :)      Rishabh  Hey,      Yupp it is still 25 lines per function!      Best,   Rishabh :))  Hey,      Trythis link out if that one doesnt work. It is the same concept. Will try to figure out whats wrong till then :)      Rishabh :)  Hey,      Try this  link out if that one doesnt work. It is the same concept. Will try to figure out whats wrong till then :)      Rishabh  Hey,      So we realised that this is because the code is using certain key bindings in the framework.. Just use the link I provided above :))      Rishabh :))  Hey,      So we realised today that on Autolab friendship is not mutual, which means that you cannot assume that every name is in the dictionary. However in the result dictionary youd want that name to point to an empty set. For eg if given this dictionary    youd want       Note that c is in the result dict but points to the empty set      Sorry for the inconvenience!      Rishabh :)  Hey!      Grades for MemoryGame will be up tomorrow / day after      Best,   Rishabh :)  Hey,      We cannot tell you if your answer is correct or wrong, Autolab is there for that.Submit to Autolab when it is out to see if your answer is right or wrong. The question and example provided is quite clear (and has been in past semesters). Best of luck!      Rishabh :)  Hey,      To approach questions which dont seem to follow a regular pattern like O(n) or O(n^2) etc you can try finding bounds for the big Oh. For example, in this question,      If the big Oh was constant then there would be no time change. Hence, it is more than constant. If it were O(n) it would increase 4 times but it increases 12 times. Hence it is more. If it were O(n^2) it would increase 16 times. This increases 12 times. Hence, it is between O(n) and O(n^2). The class which fits that is O(nlogn), which would be an answer :)      PS : All the ns are Ns      Best,   Rishabh :))  Hey!      So if you want to do the math behind it it would look something like this :      Assume the power of the big Oh is x. Then on input size n it takes time t and on input size 4n it takes time 12t. Hence, we get 4^x = 12 (by dividing the second eqn by first). Hence, the power of n is about 1.78 (log 12 / log 4). Since it is not a whole number (like 2 or 1) you can assume that it runs in NlogN.      Just strategy wise try classifying into the known classes. If it is somehwhere in the middle it is probably involve a log      Lemme know if you have further Qs!      Best,   Rishabh :))  Hey!      This is because strings are immutable. Hence, if I have the following code    First, r will be a, then since strings are immutable it will point to a different string ab. Then to abc. If s was a string of length n, in each step as you can see from the example strings of length 1  2  3  ...  N has to get copied into r . This sum reduces to O(N^2)      Best,   Rishabh :))  Hey,      Binary search works on the assumption that the list is sorted. Hence, it will still take O(log N) where N is the length of the list      Best,   Rishabh :)    Hey,    Nope, dont worry :) As long as the variable signifies what it is, like a row, youre good. For example had you used x and y instead of this youd probably get points off     Best,  Rishabh :) Hey!    Ideally youd want atleast 5 testcases ensuring that youve tested all the edge cases and some normal cases too     Best,  Rishabh :))  Hey!      You can come to OH whenever you want.      Best,   Rishabh :)  Hey!      Perhaps when the function drawGrid is being called the parameters x1 and x0 are such that the difference is 400      Hope this helps!   Rishabh :))  Hey Anthony,      the .find function can take in two arguments just as we had done in the homework last week. Say you found the first instance of x at position 1. If you try .find(x, 2) it will return the index of the next occurrence of x if present else  1.      For eg    This will first print 0 then will print 3.      Hope this helps! 